- hey in a poly a long time in bocas man
in the hand of the poor fellow if it was
will be enough in antipope Eero Remes
so I kept on available we have been
appointed of ad the sex hormone
celebrate Vincent's gain got a bow for
her and I was happy
I want to celebrate this moment with you
guys I know I give you guys to show her
a Tampa thing
I'm in a bit nanana - hang at the back
anyway back to what I'm trying to say
I'm engaged to thread so Cheers
great news begin of halo engagement the
bad guy but Messiah oh gosh - are you
you're drunk
hey he was inside before just I'm always
drunk
and I'm gonna hide the back
hey I'm Natasha contra and I think I'm
an alcoholic
so I'm gonna need to know
and I start
just like me
that's opinion time about
Corrado Holloman I'm a pony it's
happened
right mainly man get that her beauty how
brands
I have money
I remember those world
and if I don't have it all I have to do
is buy it
but these are the main concern
but you know what they say
so no need to be on top
there's no other way to go through but
to go down when you're on top right
in the reveal zip code but if I just
think of going down
I had my doubts
wrong telegin - ow
not sabalan
about this
since Emma Soviet the parakeet
perishable enemy
that's why I think I be
thank you so much for coming here
tonight good I have something to say
well then we are gonna us